Update days -> hours (#51)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/content/en/reference/duration.md

Durations represent a length of time.
Lengths of time are dependent on specific instants in time they occur and as such,
durations do not represent a fixed amount of time.

> Hours (h) is the largest duration unit as it is the larged unit not affected by daylight savings adjustments. Larger units such as days, months, or years in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hours (h) is the largest duration unit as it is the largest unit not affected by daylight savings adjustments. Larger units such as days, months, or years will be supported in the future.
```
